
          
            
            [Intro: Mr. J. Medeiros]
AllttA, AllttA, AllttA, AllttA

[Verse: Mr. J. Medeiros]
American me, wearin' a hair net as a teen
Feeding my arrogance to be seen
Embarrassed to care, I was scared, unaware of my dreams
Just an heir to what my parents had seen, how unfair it all seems
Collar to throat was the barrio joke
Had 3 Flowers a comb and some dollar store locs
Ironing rags keep your eye on the sag
A disguise for those admired but never fired a mag
I grew tired of that, I grew eyes on my back
They drew iron when I drew rhymes, now who’s firing back?
Told myself keep your mind on them raps
Knowing damn well this shits chess, Denzel
And distress is for the damsel lying on tracks
719 my Springs training days
Clever with rhymes I ain't explaining a thing
Though I ain't claiming to bang, I state in criminal slang
I speak better with signs and subliminal hymnals
Lines look minimal until I paint a King
Be it Rodney or Martin who can make the claim
When it’s minds like Stephen's who create the game
Be it Tut, Louis, or Midas, the mistakes of James
These times got me relying on the King of Kings
'Cause ain't a hand that can change a thing
Can you blame the ring when painting man with some angel wings?
Now keep it moving my styles deep seeming confusing
Me and 20 in a league of our own; where have you been?
Where art thou? You who trend?
Where is art now? Please, let me clue you in
I said 20, thou, league, see I drop Jules and
Used those last three bars in parts to prelude, dang
Sylvain said "I see you man"
Brought my skills from LA to the EU land
And formed AllttA and on this altar I offer my language 'til all words are auburn
Sorta like in autumn see my loose leaf’s changing am I too deep say it and we’ll all learn

[Chorus: Mr. J. Medeiros]
I said language, altar, and auburn, I’m saying pages are getting read as they all turn
But they on an altar, I’m saying they all burn
Words are getting purged in the flames call our songs urns
If all of our songs earn and we get paid well
Is it 'cause we’ve all learned that only fame sells?
If you’re not at all concerned if we can paint well
You can take our name just make sure that it’s framed well
And hang it high, expose it to every angle
Guess it’s all the same when they claim no one can tell
Maybe it's the way that our names spelled
AllttA, A Little Lower Than The Angels

[Outro: Mr. J. Medeiros]
AllttA, a-a-a little lower, little lower, little lower
AllttA, AllttA, AllttA, AllttA
A little lower than the angels
AllttA, a-a-a little lower, little lower, little lower
AllttA, AllttA, AlltA, AllttA
A Little Lower Than The Angels


            
          
        