
          
            
            [Intro: 2Pac]

If I know that in this hotel room, they have food everyday
And i'm knocking on the door everyday... to eat, and they tell-
And they open the door, let me see the- the party
Let me see like them throwing salami all over the-
I- I mean just like- THROWING food around...
But they're telling me "there's no food in here"--
You know what i'm saying? EVERYDAY!
I'm standing outside trying to SING my way in- you know what i'm saying?
"We are hungry please let us in, we are hungry please let us in"
After about a week that song is gonna change to...
"We hungry, we need some food"
After two/three weeks it's like, you know...
"Gimmie all the food or we're breaking down the door"
And after a YEAR!! then you just like-

[VOX Sample]

Who that knocking at the door

[Verse 1]

I'm in the gym now, weighing like 210 now
My feet stink, working 'till the bottom skin thin out
You know how shit be flaking on the bottom of your heel
(Don't lie, you don't get that line) That's for the real
I be 9 to 5 - 5 to 9, when I leave the job
I be rubbing sticks together making sure this shit is fire
Hands foofing- (FOOF! FOOF!) - Smoke poofing
Sparks flying- got 'em like (WHO THE FUCK?)
Give a fuck about a label exec, I'm independent penning my shit
- I don't need them to pen my checks
Buzzing in my ear, talking 'bout their "Hip-Hop Cred"
That's like "Paper" telling "Bic" that its Ink is not wet
You don't feed my mom, You don't pay my bills
You wasn't with me in the bronx when shit got real
Bed Bugs on my back trying to break my will
Do I sound like i'ma fail?!
Nigha lets be real

[Pre-Hook]

Told my Momma i'ma make this shit bang
Now my hometown buzzing
Told my little brothers i'ma help 'em do their thing
So I gotta make sure that that Door go in
Told my Momma i'ma make this shit bang
Now my hometown buzzing
Told my little brothers i'ma help 'em do their thing
So I gotta make sure that that Door go-- BANG!

[Hook]

Momma i'ma make this shit BANG (BANG)
Told my Momma i'ma-- "I'ma make this shit BANG"
(Gotta make sure that that Door go in)
MOMMA I'MA MAKE THIS SHIT BANG! (BANG)
Now my hometown buzzing
(Gotta make sure that that Door go in)


[Verse 2]

They hear the music, then they asking "What's up with the story?"
Like every song ain't the same song/different chorus
Swear to god, writing this verse- Mom is at work
20 years in the Casino and STILL scrubbing toilets
My nigha "20 years", that's "20 YEARS"
You do the math, then you factor in "No dad"
Things are so bad, eating food when it goes bad...
My nigha it's a miracle you even get to hear the CHORUS!
And now the labels putting contracts on my dinner table
"We heard 'UP & UP' and 'Cops' and we think you're able..
You sign here and then you sign your soul"
I'm like......YOU'LL NEVER GET THAT SHIT
MY NIGHA THIS IS REAL LIFE, we REAL PEOPLE
You out here trying to grab it, my nigha this shit is tacit
You can't touch it, hear it or smell it you gotta have it
When the people feel a REAL nigha, that shit is magic-- i'm the
Voice to the voiceless, man I come from the darkest of corners
No gun popping, or club hopping or lung filling
Grew up in the shadows of the buildings and I love the feeling
The very thing that makes me "different" what makes us "the same"
Exactly why I don't need a label just to make a name
My feet stink, I work hard, I'm stepping in
I don't care what you other suckas recommend
I told my Mom just one thing..


[Pre Hook + Hook x2]


            
          
        