
          
            
            [Couplet 1 - Kohndo & Insight]
Stick to Ground this isn’t fantasy with actors on set
Situations in life give you reality checks
Past the test of time Mass developed minds after get in line
The task is completed obstacles defeated in time
Deux pieds sur terre pour garder les repères de mes rêves de môme
Mon taf faire que la lumière perce les caves des halls
Les veines dopées du bon son font battre mes paumes
Quand la réalité ramène tes folies à portée d’homme
Planning is preliminary celebrating secondary
Confidence is necessary concentrated commentary
Viser loin mais rester précis, vigilant sans gâcher sa vie
Prendre le temps d’écouter l’esprit, définir où sont ses défis
Fast money, street games, dreams to reach fame
C.E.O.’s reach increased gains, use statistics
One day you wanna run your own business
But never have the time to match your mind to the specifics

[Refrain - Insight]
Everybody yo stick to ground !
Yo pump that ! Rock that ! Stick to ground !
Come on tell hem stick to ground
Every body everywhere stick to ground !

[Couplet 2 - Insight]
Young athlete in high school nice with his game
Could slam dunk from a fast break your title he’d claim
Precise with his aim he could block he could handle
At the home coming people cheered when he ran through
He would dash, steal a pass, shoot a three from half court and
Score in the last two seconds of the fourth
His future was bright and he was living it now
On the five o’clock news so he’s the king of the town
He went to celebrate and hit a car drinking thats how
He broke his arm and his leg so his visions had drowned
Stick to ground

[Refrain - Insight]
Everybody yo stick to ground !
Yo pump that ! Rock that ! Stick to ground !
Come on tell hem stick to ground
Every body everywhere stick to ground !

[Couplet 3 - Kohndo]
Je te parle d’un pote, Chafik , expert en rimes urbaines et trafiques
Partisan du moindre effort, rêvant d’harem en Afrique
Un gosse, sur l’asphalte à faire tomber les belles go
Jusqu’au jour où l’amour l’a pris au piège en un rien de temps
C’est dingue frangin, tafant pour elle du soir au matin
Délaissant ses rêves ses potes et tout ce qui fait son gratin
5 heure du mat il rentre chez lui sur un coup de tête
Vois sa femme et un mec allongé cheveux éparpillé
Les yeux priant qu’on retienne ses nerfs
Attrape un gun, tire bruyant soudain perce dans l’air
Je sais que tu sais qu’y a pas de retour à faire
Mais quelques soient tes décisions garde les deux pieds sur terre

[Refrain]
Everybody yo stick to ground !
Yo pump that ! Rock that ! Stick to ground !
Come on tell hem stick to ground
Every body everywhere stick to ground !

[Couplet 4 - Kohndo & Insight]
Set goals but be realistic about your strategy
L’avenir se regarde droit dans les yeux sans chercher l’ennemi
Always a possibility to make a mistake a masterpiece
Pas d’erreur sans parcours, le bonheur : un carrefour
Yo, I illustrate vocabulary innovated gradually
Constamment en recherche graduelle, j’apprends du visuel
Stick to ground when your goals seems to renovate reality
Rester les pieds sur terre, garder son énergie et réussir
Focus with a plan
S’élancer dans l’arène
Humble yet in command
Sans ménager sa peine
Calm and in control
Bien dresser les épaules
Got a heat made of gold
Et ne pas perdre le pôle
Vas-y reste cool
Stop and look
T’inquiète pas
The time it takes
Inutile
To learn a lesson
Car au final
Life you waist
Living in the now and if your visions were to drown the new
Decisions that you found would be insisting to now
Stick to ground


            
          
        