
          
            
            [INTRO: FRITZ THE CAT]
What a bore to just sit there and take bennies and stay up all night with your face stuck in a bunch of books and your thumb up your ass. While the world is passing you by. Look at all this stuff to see. And all the kicks, and all the girls are out there. And me, a writer and a poet who should be having adventures and experiencing all the diversities and paradoxes and ironies of life...

[VERSE 1]
Just clocked out man, what am I gone do
My body’s been aching so I’ll smoke a blunt or two
Maybe call up the homies like what the fucks the move
Gimme 30 minutes, text me when you coming thru
I look in the mirror; I’m fresh as fuck with matching shoes
Check my wallet, got 3 bills with some blue strips
Phone ringing, leave the pad, hop up in the whip
Stop by 25 cap, pick up an 8th and I make it quick
Got on the freeway; made our way into the city
It’s 10 pm and the skyline is looking pretty
Headed to the skrip club to see some titties and some kitty
Don’t got a girl so I don’t feel no pity
Bounce that, bounce that, love the way you work it
Might throw a couple 1’s cause baby you deserve it
Back of my mind, wondering if this is even worth it
What the fuck’s the purpose, got me feeling worthless

[HOOK]
Chillin with the homies, the only ones that know me
Keep the circle tight, don’t fuck with no phonies
Chillin with the homies, the only ones that know me
When they by my side, I won’t ever feel lonely

[VERSE 2]
Left the club but the night is still for the taking
Looking for a vacant spot where we can blaze it
Rolled a swisher on the way, I couldn’t keep em waiting
Spark that bitch up; I love that marijuana fragrance
I turned right; saw the pigs and the red and blue lights
My brown ass make a wrong move; shit I lose my life
Cop came to the window shining his light
Fat, white, racist fuck; sounded hella uptight
“Smoking weed huh? Good way to fuck up your life
Get the fuck out my face before I fuck up your night”
So we dipped; I know he’d give us more than just a ticket
But I still don’t give a fuck, won’t stop me from getting lifted
My homie floored it, cruising 30 miles above the limit
On our way to the taco spot to munch out and kick it
Back of my mind, wondering if this is even worth it
What the fuck’s the purpose, got me feeling worthless

[HOOK]
Chillin with the homies, the only ones that know me
Keep the circle tight, don’t fuck with no phonies

Chillin with the homies, the only ones that know me
When they by my side, I won’t ever feel lonely

[VERSE 3]
We payed for our food and now we patiently waiting
Saw a drunk crack head on the corner with his arms waving
We didn’t pay him no mind; I see that on a daily basis
Then he turns around, looks at the truck and starts pacing
Heard him talking mad shit and my heart starts racing
He’s tryna press us; speaking in tongues, I can’t explain it
With a straight face I stay quiet; I don’t want no drama
Then he goes up to an old couple, tryna start some problems
The homie Joe stepped in like “Fuck off man. They ain’t doing shit”
Next I heard was “Who you talking to you fucking spick?”
He starts sizing up Joe ready to throw some hits
Then he takes the homie’s glasses and smashes it to bits
Joe rocks his ass; hit the ground harder than a brick
Then the rest of us jumped in and got a couple kicks
He didn’t want no smoke, that was for his own good
Then we fled the scene before more cops roll up in the hood
Before more cops roll up in the hood

[OUTRO: FRITZ THE CAT]
And me, a writer and a poet who should be having adventures and experiencing all the diversities and paradoxes and ironies of life. And passing over all the roads in the world. Digging all the cities and towns and rivers. And oceans and... meeting all of those chicks. Oh god. As a writer and a poet it is my duty to see the world. To swim the whole freaking sea while there is still time man!


            
          
        